hello friends, well, I hope that
you are all very well as always and
here at home, you know we're here
always giving new twists to new
recipes for you this time what
I'm going to do is for those moments in the
that we are in a hurry and we are not
after a shower to put on cream
nothing is about an oil or an oil
body for after the night that is
something quick to apply oil because we
is going to give skin elasticity
will moisturize us will nourish and good
Well, I'm going to put a few oils
so that they have the properties of
these certain oils then yes
you want you can add as I do
to make some essential oil so that
have that personalized aroma that
strain yourselves good first
oil that I'm going to use is an oil of
extra virgin olive
so be manipulated as least
possible without chemicals
and in a technical way
and we're going to take a good amount already
you know that olive oil for me is
essential because their fatty acids are
very similar to those of the skin I will
add now a macerate of marigold
also in olive oil but this one
you can have macerated in the oil that
you want
and with this what we are going to have are the
properties of lime in
we will favor the circulation
sanguine just like it is going to
detoxify a little bit we will go very
good for sunburn so it goes
to go and say ideal in this oil
for after sunbathing if this is
the case you can add more I as you see
I will be adding the amounts that I
seem to prevail over all the
olive a little bit of avocado oil
with this is to revitalize and give you a
little more life to the skins so more
more dry off and now we will add
a little bit of sweet almond that also
it's for dry and dull skin
the casualties will provide that salt
Astiz y dad and that nutrition are everything
soft oils that go very well for
skins
thus atopic for sensitive skin
let's add a few droplets of
Vitamin E
and a trickle
and now we will go on to perfume what I
I'm going to add tea tree that is not that
its aroma is good to me I do not like it but
yes, I love their properties
it is an antifungal
very good healing
it's antimicrobial so it's not
will eliminate everything that they are
fungal bacteria and can not miss and
now yes to perfume I'm going to
add a few drops of the band I'm going to
add then I have put two or three of
tea tree and I will add about four
of this and four of the other lavender is
soothing soothing
It is also a very good antiseptic
and good especially for its smell
and now
we will add a few droplets of yangjiang that
It is also healing antiseptic and
It reinforces the skin that 's assuming
want to leave
also balances it is soothing and
relaxing too and good everything too
it is because its aroma has a smell
I love good and always
as I am very nervous that state of
relaxation that can transport you
They also go very well now for
a little rinse finish this the
funnel with everything we 've been
adding it just happened again a
little bit more olive oil and that
drag
well all the other products towards
down
good
simple to make true yes simple
to make and easier to use yet
we get out of the shower
to bathe us how are we going to do
and in those moments our skin is
as more tender are more squishy has
spent soaking
the pores are more dilated than
normally ideal to apply it the
oil
that is going to quickly absorb such and
as we have already applied it
we can dry and dress in jara
pringuen does not dirty our clothes or anything
there is another option that is to leave you
put oil and dry in the air or
even get oil after
have dried but that is no longer
Stain clothes and get oily
total is oil but good of the first
way the body sucks and absorbs all
The nutrients of this oil is natural
is ecological you have seen that good if
you use first natural materials
ecological cold twisted as
you will have the properties even more
powerful if you are using them yes
you use refined oil but if you
refined oceans for good is better
what a paraffin that finally and
Cape is an oil derived from oil
you can perfume the more or less nothing
because that is completely to your liking and
customize it
I hope you liked it a lot and I
you say a like if it is so you share it
with all your dear friends
and see you in the next video until
doubt